python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=19153 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=19153 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=19153 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=19153 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=17167 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=17167 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=17167 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=17167 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=31153 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=31153 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=31153 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=31153 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=6071 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=6071 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=6071 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=6071 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=4013 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=4013 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=4013 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=4013 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=34021 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=34021 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=34021 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=34021 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=19155 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=19155 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=19155 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=19155 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=17115 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=17115 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=17115 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=17115 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=29021 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=29021 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=29021 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=29021 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=29019 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=29019 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=29019 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=29019 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=5045 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=5045 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=5045 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=5045 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=40017 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=40017 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=40017 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=40017 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=21059 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=21059 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=21059 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=21059 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=47113 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=47113 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=47113 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=47113 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=42017 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=42017 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=42017 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=42017 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=22109 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=22109 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=22109 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=22109 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=45015 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=45015 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=45015 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=45015 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=13031 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=13031 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=13031 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=13031 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=48367 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=48367 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=48367 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=48367 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=22063 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=22063 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=22063 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=22063 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=41053 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=41053 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=41053 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=41053 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=32003 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=32003 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=32003 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=32003 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=4015 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=4015 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=4015 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=4015 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=6025 r_model=alert_constraints model_name=alert_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=6025 r_model=all_constraints model_name=all_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=6025 r_model=no_constraints model_name=no_constraints restrict_days=none
python old_evaluation_SB3.py policy_type=NA eval.val_years=false eval.match_similar=true county=6025 r_model=hi_constraints model_name=hi_constraints restrict_days=none
